Prompt: This movie was
  Original  (0.947): This movie was not well casted so I cant see why they chose that name name.. or why they chose that name in the first place.. it's absolutely brillian
  Finetuned (0.994): This movie was a great show. My family enjoyed it as well as each and their friendship as well as an inspiring story. Highly original film in its powe

Prompt: I watched this film
  Original  (0.900): I watched this film quite early on in my life and still was thinking about it. Maybe it was my family seeing it. Maybe all those people died in Vietna
  Finetuned (0.991): I watched this film as a great documentary as well as a touching performance, as she shines as a young film that truly reflects the love and life of a

Prompt: The acting in
  Original  (0.009): The acting in this movie is so bad and the plot so confusing it will ruin your time as a fan of this story if you're not expecting it.<br /><br />So w
  Finetuned (0.996): The acting in particular as a brilliant and touching story as well as wonderfully beautiful!

Prompt: Whoever wrote
  Original  (0.002): Whoever wrote those lines?! That's me!! To top it all off (again) I really wish they'd give this series a 1 because of the terrible acting...
  Finetuned (0.989): Whoever wrote the screenplay as a complete and thoughtful, and touching story. I give this film as a true, touching film as I watch it as I feel it as

Prompt: At first I thought
  Original  (0.133): At first I thought they were doing a "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" parody. Then I decided to see what they had in store for us all.<br /><br 
  Finetuned (0.985): At first I thought it was very believable. After that though, as it develops as a film well as it has a rich story and a brilliant film.<br / as it ca

Prompt: It was
  Original  (0.555): It was great!" -- Jeff Foxworthy. The movie was very scary and extremely frightening, particularly "The Naked Gun" and the "Rambo" films. It was scary
  Finetuned (0.990): It was a fine screenplay. This is a very funny, touching and touching story. I will recommend this film as it helps to understand the relationship of 

Prompt: The director really
  Original  (0.553): The director really wanted to make some sense and to bring a different kind of story that's different and interesting in a way that they made in A Nig
  Finetuned (0.991): The director really shows the emotion of this short as well as the stories for children as well as their friendship as they try to cope through the co

Prompt: I have to say
  Original  (0.121): I have to say, this film did a great job portraying the problems of poverty in the ghetto, but it's so shallow, so self-centered and so pretentious th
  Finetuned (0.990): I have to say though that this film as touching and truly touching. I am glad when a family is able to see the true love and friendship that this film

Prompt: One of the best
  Original  (0.908): One of the best scenes of the film came after the movie became too old for some of the other actors to work on the film. The two scenes, which I thoug
  Finetuned (0.992): One of the best pieces of film as it portrays the loneliness as a truly moving, beautiful and intelligent documentary as I sit through the remarkable 

Prompt: Not sure about
  Original  (0.474): Not sure about any other people commenting on the first film, and so I'm going to be quiet until they do.
  Finetuned (0.987): Not sure about when to watch as it is a very informative and touching documentary. This poignant story and beautiful story about a young, passionate a

Prompt: The story
  Original  (0.110): The story is not even good, and there are a couple of good moments. But these are the bad things. Some more of the plot lines are a little too cliché:
  Finetuned (0.992): The story as a whole is fascinating and as a young, very touching and humorous film. A fine piece of film. Very very touching and moving, the characte

Prompt: I really enjoyed
  Original  (0.721): I really enjoyed the entire movie.<br /><br />I do not recommend anyone to watch this film, if you do, beware. It does not deserve a rating of 8.
  Finetuned (0.994): I really enjoyed, and I'm still looking forward to seeing a sequel as soon as they release as well as this film as a great and moving story. While the

Prompt: This film is
  Original  (0.978): This film is full of good acting, humor and characters that will leave in someone's memory, from Sam (John Malkovich) to Bob (Paul Wernick); actors li
  Finetuned (0.994): This film is as witty as ever as he brings his performance to that level as a thoughtful and touching story that tells the struggle of the journey of 

Prompt: Honestly this movie
  Original  (0.047): Honestly this movie is not worth seeing or reading because there are many inaccuracies that it doesn't make into a good movie. The "story" isn't credi
  Finetuned (0.992): Honestly this movie is well as well as a fantastic and engaging movie as well.<br / as all of the characters make the relationship between a beautiful

Prompt: The cinematography
  Original  (0.867): The cinematography is also amazing, and the acting is truly awesome.<br /><br />"Chase," starring the likes of Chris Stapleton, is not quite as dark a
  Finetuned (0.993): The cinematography as well as the music as good as enjoyable as the film as well as a truly inspiring story that has a timeless, moving film. The film

Prompt: What a great
  Original  (0.840): What a great film. This film has nothing to do with reality but is about a bunch of guys who are bored, having a bad day/night/evening and have nothin
  Finetuned (0.991): What a great piece of art. The movie is as funny as any of the films we've seen. The actors as well as well as the story, for their honesty and their 

Prompt: I was disappointed
  Original  (0.122): I was disappointed, and I can only say that I didn't expect any of this film to deliver the desired result. I am glad that the filmmakers were able to
  Finetuned (0.989): I was disappointed as well as many others as this film as it was a great and enjoyable film. I enjoyed the family as his work as a very engaging and t

Prompt: My favorite part
  Original  (0.934): My favorite part is when the man has become a real man: "You are not the man who made me. You are not just a man who believes in me".<br /><br />After
  Finetuned (0.990): My favorite part as a narrator as a brilliant story. From the beautiful dialogue to it, it is a truly moving piece of love with its characters. They t

Prompt: The ending was
  Original  (0.045): The ending was just plain stupid, since the film seemed as if the filmmakers had taken out all the best parts of the piece and added in several extras
  Finetuned (0.983): The ending was as suspense as it made it a memorable view. This film is a good and moving as there are some real and touching reflections by friends a

Prompt: Overall the film
  Original  (0.938): Overall the film can't hold its own against The Thing or whatever it's trying to be.<br /><br />The Thing is a very powerful and highly entertaining f
  Finetuned (0.989): Overall the film as a love story of a family as they try to find something to come to the realization. As a great film as an honest and poignant and p

